Add docs for the new deploy and publish flow (#84)
wasmerio/docs.wasmer.io: pages/edge/cli.mdx

import { Callout } from "nextra-theme-docs";

# The `app` CLI subcommand
Wasmer provides you with CLI commands to deploy and manage your applications on the Edge, 
namely the `wasmer app` subcommand.

<Callout type="info">
  **Note:** To deploy apps on Wasmer Edge, users need an account. When
  deploying an app, users are prompted to login if they did not already. 
</Callout>

## Create

> Before deploying an app, one must be created: to this end, the wasmer CLI
> provides the `wasmer app create` command.

Reviewer: We'd like to make the process very simple for users, that means that knowing one command is better than two.

```suggestion
Before deploying an app, one must be created: to this end, the first time
you run `wasmer deploy` a new app will be created (or via `wasmer app create`).
```

```shell
$ wasmer app create --help
Create a new Edge app

> Usage: wasmer-dev app create [OPTIONS]

Reviewer: wasmer-dev?

❯ Choose an existing package
```

{/* [TODO]: Add link to templates list */}

Templates allow users to kickstart their custom application from one of the
available boilerplates like a static website, a php application, a javascript
worker and much more. Another possibility is that of creating an app from an
existing package: for example, as a starting step, the user can create the app
from an existing package, like
[`wasmer/hello`](https://wasmer.io/wasmer/hello).

```shell
$ wasmer app create 
...
✔ What would you like to deploy? · Choose an existing package
✔ What is the name of the package? · wasmer/hello
```
The result of this action is that the CLI will create a file called `app.yaml`
in the current working directory: 
```
kind: wasmer.io/App.v0
name: <YOUR-APP-NAME>
owner: <YOUR-NAME> 
package: wasmer/hello
```

This file contains all the necessary informations required to deploy your app
to Wasmer Edge. To learn more about this configuration file, refer to the
[dedicated _Learn_ page](/edge/learn/apps). After having everything in place -
whether it is from templates or pre-existing packages - the command will ask
the user if they want to _deploy_ their app.

## Deploy

> To deploy an app to the Wasmer Edge, the user can use the `wasmer app deploy` command.

Reviewer: Lets use `wasmer deploy` (also via `wasmer app deploy`).
